Cool, so we're gonna kind of
hang out in the structs.go file.
We don't need to create a new one but
we're gonna hop in to exercise 6a.
And so 6a is going to discuss a little bit
about how to modify values of a struct.
So far, we've learned how to define them,
to read the values and
kind of interpolate them in to a function.
The next step is what we wanna do if you
wanna change any of those values in some
capacity.
So in 6a here,
the goal is to work with structs.
We're still working in
our structs.go file.
And let's kind of modify
our describeGroup function.
Right now, we're just printing
out a string, regardless.
And the space available is always
set to true based on whatever is
available in that particular
instance of the group.
But let's modify it, and
say we only want to accept new users.
If there are fewer than two
existing users in the group.
It's a really small group.
You can only ever have two users.
So, if there's more than two,
you need to modify that space
available attribute, to be false.
So within the describe group function,
you're going to add some logic around,
making an if statement,
checking that attribute, and
then modifying it, if that number
is less than or greater than 2.
There'll be a couple things you notice,
a couple of errors that might show up.
And some behavior that's gonna be
a little strange, which is expected.
And we're gonna talk about what
that means when we come back.